# CodeMapper

Currently this repo contains:
- flow.js: A way to call all the functions we need in order and pass information between them. Also a handy way to see the general flow for how we do this!
- filewalker.js: A way to iterate over a file & folder structure to map out all files and folders with their full path, file name, path preceding the file name, and several other options. This can be provided either in a tree or simple list structure. This file is adapted from the recursive-readdir-async npm package.
- filterAndParse.js: Filtering down the file tree to look at just the JS files and passing those to the parser
- parser.js: Our start on parsing through a single file to generate an AST, and then having a visitor traverse the AST to do something to the tree based on what it finds. We also output the AST for now so we can look at it, but this won't be in the final version as it's simply for development purposes.
- transform.js: This is mostly empty with some comments on what needs to be built. This will give us the functions we need to pass to the visitor as it traverses the AST.
- sampleAST.json: The AST generated by Babel Parse for the filewalker JS file.
- createStructureResult.js: This is where we'll generate an end result for the user that shows the file/folder structure of a project
- createDependencyResult.js: This is where we'll generate an end result for the user that shows the interdependencies within the project
- createFunctionalityResult.js: This is where we'll generate an end result for the user that shows details about the functions used within the project
- buildResults.js: This will bring together all results into a page of some kind that the end user will see
- example.json: This is fake data, organized into a model for how we can structure our file tree as we modify it
- package.json files, License, and this README

We will update this later to actualyl describe the project and how to use it! :)